About the job
The Greater Toronto Airports Authority (GTAA) is a unique and dynamic place to work, with a bold plan to make Toronto Pearson, Canada's leading global hub airport, a global leader in airport performance, customer care and sustainability. Together with our partners, approximately 2,100 GTAA employees are working to create a next-generation airport by innovating in all we do and striving for the most uplifting, safe and efficient experience for our passengers – all while championing the prosperity of our people, the community we call home, and our aviation partners. Join us on our journey together, as we put the joy back into travel and make Toronto Pearson the chosen place to fly and work.

What's in it for you!

As a GTAA employee, you'll have access to amazing benefits, including retirement planning, comprehensive group health benefits, an employee assistance programs (EAP), paid leave, education and training, as well as recognition and rewards programs.

What you can expect from this position:

Reporting to the interim Manager, Airside Electrical Maintenance, this position is responsible for performing electrical maintenance, repair and electrical project work related to airfield lighting and building electrical systems.

As an Electrician, you will:


Perform maintenance on various lighting fixtures such as Precision Approach Path Indicator's (PAPI), Runway Guard Lights (WIGWAG), runway approach lighting, in pavement runway stop bars, taxiway centerline lighting and elevated runway, taxiway and apron edge lighting.
Perform maintenance and operation of Airfield Lighting Support Facilities include FECs (Field Electrical Centers) housing Constant Current Regulators (CCRs) and associated control systems that power Instrument Landing systems (ILS) and Aircraft navigational equipment and communication sites.
Maintain the Electrical systems for the Airfield maintenance Facility (AMF), North Fire Hall, Airport Emergency Support Center (AESC), Moore's Creek, Infield Tunnel, all Field Electrical Centers (FEC) and various other support buildings.
Coordinate with other groups to ensure optimal productivity during shutdowns.
Troubleshoot system failures and repairs systems as required.
Respond to dispatched emergency work.
Receive and complete Airfield Electrical work orders within Maximo
Interact with the general public, tenants and various trades.
Discuss and Organize assignments with supervisors.
Consult with clients with regard to trouble calls and specialized projects to acquire specific details required to make repairs or complete projects.
Collaborate and coordinate with contractors to diagnose and repair.


This unionized position is classified at the Band 8 level, with an hourly wage rate of $51.51, based on a 40 hour work week. As part of the recruitment process, you will be required to complete a test.

Candidates with relevant external experience must provide references with their applications in order to confirm this experience.

This is the role for you, if you have:


Valid Ontario Certificate of Qualification as an Electrician (Construction and Maintenance Electrical 309A License).
Minimum of 3 years' experience as a licensed Electrician.
Previous experience in an airfield environment preferred.
Valid class "G" Ontario Driver's license.
Ability to obtain a "D" level Airside Vehicle Operator's Permit within 6 months of appointment to the position.
Secondary School Diploma or equivalent.
Ability to obtain and retain a Transportation Security Clearance.


Knowledge and skills you bring, that set you up for success:


Knowledge of airfield lighting circuitry, power requirements and associated equipment.
Comprehensive knowledge of airport electrical systems such as constant current regulators, generators, uninterruptible power sources, electrical distribution systems.
In depth knowledge of work procedures for High Voltage Power distribution systems\ Power transfer systems 208V - 5KV.
Familiarization with the 13.8 KV and 27.6 KV Airport Electrical feeder systems.
Ability to use Technical Data Center (TDC) documentation, software systems (Bentley, Micro station).
Working knowledge of Maximo and the Airside Electrical Maintenance Work Program.
Complete knowledge of the airport layout, GTAA and civil aviation Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) including the Airport Operations Manual (AOM) and TP312 Aerodrome Standards and Operating Practices.
Complete knowledge of the airport Safety and Security Systems, procedures and requirements including the GTAA Safety Management Systems (SMS) program.
Excellent social skills related to working with teams with varied strengths in demanding environments.
Good communication skills including ability to produce detailed work order reports.
Ability to work effectively in a variety of outdoor conditions with exposure to all weather elements.
