About the job
Overview

 We are designing the grid of the future! 

Perform protection studies and relay settings preparation. Design and develop electrical drawings for transmission and distribution protection projects, prepare equipment technical specifications, provide technical support and review of client’s design packages including drawings and specifications.

Responsibilities

How you can make an impact : 

 Perform protection studies including model development, short circuit studies, equipment duty analysis, protection coordination, and PRC compliance studies. 
 Prepare relay setting files for SEL, GE, etc. protective relays. 
 Prepare and review electrical drawings including single lines, three lines, relay logic drawings, relay DC schematics, breaker DC schematics, communication drawing, protection panel drawings, wiring block diagrams, DC panel drawings, and substation layouts. 
 Prepare generation interconnection drawings for conventional and renewable energy resources 
 Process, generate and maintain data as required for other engineering-related work 
 Take responsibility for the timely completion of projects assigned while meeting all project quality and budget objectives 
 Execute on multiple tasks at any given time. 
 Perform complex tasks according to good engineering practice and EPE procedures. 
 Perform other duties, as assigned. 

Qualifications

 Bring your passion, here's what’s needed: 

 Batchelor or Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering with 0-3 years of experience 
 Familiar with power system protection analysis tools and softwares including PSCAD, ETAP, EasyPower, ASPEN, CYME. Experience with CAPE is a plus. 
 Have high standards in producing quality documents that he/she shall own with pride. 
 Strong technical/report preparation skills. 
 Proven team player with the ability to build and maintain internal and external relationships. 
 Strong organizational and communication skills, both written and verbal, particularly with respect to explaining technical matters. 
 Strong organizational, interpersonal, problem solving, and analytical skills. 
 Capable of managing multiple tasks. 
 Flexible with the ability to manage change. 

Required Education And Experience

 Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering 
 Experience preparing and reviewing protection and control drawings 
 Familiar with AutoCAD 

 Lead the change! 

Be a part of an innovative team shaping the grid of the future through advanced energy intelligence . For more than half a century, Electric Power Engineers (EPE) has partnered with power and energy clients across the globe, providing consulting expertise and energy intelligence software solutions for complex engineering and grid modeling challenges. As leaders in the renewables space, we are focused on building a modern, secure, and resilient grid. Join us in making an impact on the communities we serve and the environment in which we live. Together we can transform the future of energy.

How We Support You

 Comprehensive health and wellness benefits including medical, dental, and vision with 100% premium coverage for you 
 Generous PTO and paid holidays 
 MyShare Employee Ownership Program 
 Work with industry leaders 
 401K, up to a 4% match (100% vested from day 1) 

 Location  : This position will be Canada remote

 Travel  : Occasional travel may be needed (10 % or less )

EPE is an equal opportunity/AA/Disability/Veteran employer. The EEO is the Law poster, and its supplement are available using the following links: EEOC is the Law Poster

 Third-Party Recruiting Notification 

EPE does not accept unsolicited resumes from third-party recruiters. Any unsolicited third-party resumes forwarded by recruiters to EPE via our career page or to any of our managers or employees will be considered public information, may be treated as a direct application from the person identified in the resume, and will not be eligible for placement fee payment to the agency. EPE will not pay a fee to a third-party recruiter or agency without a previously signed third-party agreement and has not coordinated their recruiting activity with the appropriate member of the Talent Acquisition team.

