The importance of water to the health of our world can't be overstated. 

As the frequency and intensity of floods, droughts and storms increases, the water industry must continue to build resiliency and lead from the front. 

Together with our clients, we are thinking and doing things differently to help pre-empt and prepare for what's next. Be a part of this dynamic and committed team of diverse water specialists and drive change for your community. 

You'll be able to apply our powerful global network of skills and decades of experience to create positive water outcomes that respect nature and nurture communities.

Who are we looking for?   

We are seeking a motivated and adaptable Electrical Instrumentation & Control Designer to join our I&C team at one of our Ontario offices (Waterloo, Mississauga, Markham, Toronto, or Whitby).

Our Engineering Design Organization (EDO) team works on a wide range of projects, including municipal infrastructure, water and wastewater treatment facilities, organic facilities and solid wastes, renewable energy systems, rail and transit, and other industrial projects. This diversity of work offers an excellent opportunity for learning and growth. 

Our Hybrid Model: Be part of the dynamic culture! Our workplace thrives on a hybrid model, combining in-office collaboration and flexibility. Join us in the office three days a week to contribute, connect, and excel in our vibrant environment.

Working with an energetic and high-performing team, this position offers a variety of duties and will see you involved in:

Responsible for preparing and drawing detailed design drawings utilizing AutoCAD and Revit or other 3D tools.
Assisting team members produce technical memo's, letters and reports.
Developing design/construction documents and specifications.
Participate in design meetings and project team meetings.
Attend and participate in client/team progress meetings including preparation of meeting records.
Implement red lines associated with EI&C Deliverables that include P&IDs, loop diagrams, wiring schematics, cable/conduit schedules, termination panels, PLC/MCC panel layouts, equipment/device location plans, general arrangements, and as-builts.
Develop coordinated 3D models and 2D sheets to CAD/BIM standards which includes setting views/sheets/schedules, apply title blocks & ISA/IEC/CSA symbology, sheet set manager, and enforce levels/layers and naming.
Assist senior engineers in developing specifications and reports as required.
Integrate vendor data (cut-sheets, panel drawings) into models and details; back-draft from check prints and redlines.
Capture site markups/as-built changes; support occasional site walks and field measurements.
Participate in design/coordination meetings; track and close drafting/model issues.
Prepare submission packages (PDF/DWG/DGN/model exports); and follow document control procedures.
Maintain compliance with GHD's Health & Safety policies, client specifications, and industry standards.he integrity of all issued deliverables. Prepare and manage submission packages (PDF/DWG/DGN/model exports) in line with document control procedures.
What you will bring to the Team

Electrical/Electronic Engineering Technology Diploma from a recognized post-secondary institution or any other relevant engineering field. 
C.E.T. designation.
Proficient in Revit, AutoCAD, and MicroStation and completes the hands-on evaluation test successfully.
Excellent Time Management and Organization Skill.
Excellent Written and verbal communication abilities.
Minimum 8 years of experience in municipal water and wastewater, industrial, subsurface utilities, roads, rail and transit and general site layout for commercial and industrial facilities.
Experience Implementing EI&C redlines and producing accurate as-built documentation for P&IDs, loop diagrams, writing schematics, and control system layouts
Practical knowledge of ISA symbols and common CSA/IEC conventions for I&C and electrical.
Experience working in common data environments (ProjectWise or Autodesk Construction Cloud, BIM) for file management and transmittals
Familiar with Bluebeam sessions and collaborative platforms for implementation of markups.
Knowledge of current PLC/SCADA systems (Asset)
Proficiency in MS Office Suite.
Self-motivated, adaptable, and eager to learn in a fast-paced, multi-disciplinary environment. Working towards Registered member of the Professional Engineers of Ontario.
A valid driver's license.
The salary range for this position is: $75,495 - $121,495K

The posted salary range represents the expected hiring range for GHD locations in its major city centres. Ranges may vary for positions in other locations. At GHD, base salary is determined by your skills, experience, qualifications and work location. We are committed to offering competitive compensation and adhere to all relevant pay transparency legislation.  

The use of artificial intelligence (AI) in recruiting is just getting started and may be used during the process to improve efficiency and fairness. Your application may be reviewed by both AI and our hiring team. While AI supports some steps through the process, all final hiring decisions are made by humans

As a diverse and inclusive organization, we encourage individual achievement and recognize the strength of a diverse workforce. GHD is an equal opportunity employer. Upon request, GHD will provide reasonable accommodation for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment and selection process.

This position is for an existing vacancy.
