About the job
Overview

As a member of the military, Electrical Distribution Technicians provide electrical engineering support to operational units at home and abroad.

The Electrical Distribution Technician is one of seven Construction Engineering positions involved in the supply of all construction, civil, electrical and mechanical engineering services in support of Canadian Armed Forces (CAF) operations worldwide. The primary responsibilities of an Electrical Distribution Technician are to:

Install, repair and maintain high and low voltage electrical distribution systems, portable and fixed airfield lighting systems, fire alarm and security systems
Produce associated electrical designs and specifications and drawings
Conduct reconnaissance related to the above, and assist other Construction Engineering tradespersons


Work environment


Electrical Distribution Technicians often work with the challenges that come with varying environmental conditions. Electrical Distribution Technicians maintain their skills while employed at home units or on humanitarian and United Nations operational assignments.

If you chose a career in the Regular Force, upon completion of all required training, you will be assigned to your first base. While there is some flexibility with regards to postings (relocations), accommodations can't always be made, and therefore, you can likely expect to move at some point in your career. However, if you decide to join the Primary Reserve Force, you will do so through a specific Reserve unit. Outside of training, your chosen Reserve unit will be your workplace on a part time basis, and you will not be obligated to relocate to a different base. As part of the Primary Reserve Force, you typically work one night per week and some weekends as a minimum with possibilities of full-time employment.

Entry plans

 Direct Entry Options 
 Paid Education Options 

No previous work experience or career related skills are required. CAF recruiters can help you decide if your personal interests and attributes match the criteria for this occupation.

The minimum required education to apply for this occupation is the completion of the provincial requirements for Grade 10 or Secondary 4 in Quebec or equivalent secondary school education, including: Grade 10 applied math or math 416 / CST 4 in Quebec.

Foreign education may be accepted.

Training

The first stage of training is the Basic Military Qualification course, or Basic Training, held at the Canadian Forces Leadership and Recruit School in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec. This training provides the basic core skills and knowledge common to all trades. A goal of this course is to ensure that all recruits maintain the Canadian Armed Forces (CAF) physical fitness standard; as a result, the training is physically demanding.

Electrical Distribution Technicians attend a seven-day course to train to climb hydro poles up to 30 metres in height and towers taller than 30 metres. Continued training depends upon successful completion of this course.

Electrical Distribution Technicians then attend the School of Military Engineering in Gagetown, New Brunswick. Training takes approximately 19 weeks and includes:

Environmental skills such as defensive tactics and firearms
Care and use of common and special purpose tools and test equipment
Application of occupational codes and regulations
Interpretation of drawings and schematics
Climbing hydro poles
High and low voltage electrical distribution systems
Lighting systems
Fire alarm systems
Airfield lighting systems
Electrical motors and controls
Electrical and electronic principles

Electrical Distribution Technicians may be offered the opportunity to develop specialized skills through formal courses and on-the-job training.

Part time options

This position is available for part-time employment with the Primary Reserve at certain locations across Canada. Reserve Force members usually serve part time at an Air Force Wing in their community, and may serve while going to school or working at a civilian job. They are paid during their training. They are not posted or required to do a military move. However, they can volunteer to move to another base. They may also volunteer for deployment on a military mission within or outside Canada.

Electrical Distribution Technicians may serve with the Canadian Army or the Royal Canadian Air Force and are employed to provide electrical engineering support for CAF training and operations. Those employed on a part-time or casual full-time basis usually serve at a military base, wing or unit located within Canada.

Find a Recruiting Centre

Reserve Force members are trained to the same level as their Regular Force counterparts. They usually begin training with their home unit to ensure that they meet the required basic professional military standards. Following basic military training, Electrical Distribution Technicians attend a seven-day course to train to climb hydro poles up to 30 metres in height and towers taller than 30 metres. Continued training is dependent upon successful completion of this course, which takes approximately 19 weeks, and is conducted at the Canadian Forces School of Military Engineering in Gagetown, New Brunswick.

Reserve Force members usually serve part-time with their home unit for scheduled evenings and weekends (Air Reserve Electrical Distribution Technicians usually serve up to 12 days per month in a regular work day), although they may also serve in full-time positions at some units for fixed terms, depending on the type of work that they do. They are paid 92.8 percent of Regular Force rates of pay, receive a reasonable benefits package and may qualify to contribute to a pension plan.

Related Careers

Electrical Generation Systems Technician

Priority Application Processing

Electronic-Optronic Technician (Land)

Accelerated Pay Increment

Priority Application Processing

Electrical and Mechanical Engineering Officer
