Be Part of Revery Toronto Downtown, Canada's second Curio Collection by Hilton. 


Are you looking for an exciting career opportunity in Hospitality? Join one of Canada's most successful companies that strives to take your talent to the next level. With 19 hotels currently owned and managed by Easton's Group of Hotels and 6 in development, your passion, collaboration, and voice will be an excellent addition to our growing Organization. We strive to provide our valued employees with great benefits, perks, training, and growth opportunities.

 

Welcome to Revery, Toronto's first Curio Collection by Hilton. Curio Collection is a global lifestyle brand with one-of-a-kind hotels. With world-class theatre, music, and arts attractions within a short walk, we promise your curiosity will be piqued.

Revery's Curio Collection by Hilton resides within the Lifestyle realm of Hilton Hotels, embodying refined comfort and design with sharp connectivity to the neighbourhood it calls home. Revery is located in Toronto's Entertainment District with 224 cinematic-themed rooms, multiple event spaces, a French-inspired Restaurant and an all-day lobby bar, adjacent to its box-office-themed reception. Revery opened in June 2024 and has been building its reputation as an exclusive and sought-after hotel in downtown Toronto, Canada.


What we offer 

Benefits:  

Employee Social Events 

Discounted Staff Meals 

Hotel Discounts at Hilton 

Health, Vision, and Dental Coverage 

 

Revery is looking for someone passionate about working in the Hospitality Industry. 

What will you be doing? 

JOB OVERVIEW 

Perform general maintenance work to ensure hotel maintenance quality and safety standards are achieved and maintained. 

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 

-Complete minor work orders such as replacing ceiling tiles, filters, light bulbs, patching vinyl, painting, repairing pipelines, toilets, sinks, kitchen, and laundry equipment etc. Perform preventative maintenance duties as assigned. 

-Ensure that the assigned equipment is prepared and operational for the following day's work. 

-Monitor the efficiency of equipment and electrical systems such as air conditioning controls, guests' entrance/access doors, television sets, and lighting systems and make minor repairs and/or replacements to ensure proper operation and maximum efficiency. 

-Refurbish furniture and fixtures within guest rooms, such as cabinets, tables, chairs, doors, windows, and counters. Paint and finish furniture and fixtures in guest rooms, if needed.

-Maintain the front entrance area, parking lot and/or garage, and street entrance in a clean and presentable manner. 

-Assists in checking and making minor repairs on general plumbing systems and fixtures such as pipelines, toilets and sinks, kitchen, and laundry equipment. 

-Maintain the safety and cleanliness of the exterior of the facility, grounds, pool, and exercise/sports facilities (including property signs and lighting) 

-Follow procedures that ensure the security of inventory and assets such as tools, supplies, equipment, furniture, televisions, etc., replenish supplies and inventory in a timely and efficient manner, and minimize waste.  

-Report all unsafe conditions or malfunctioning equipment to the supervisor.  

-Respond courteously and promptly to all guest questions and/or requests to ensure strong guest satisfaction. 

-Promote teamwork and quality service through daily communication and coordination with other departments.  

-Perform other duties as assigned. In carrying out your duties, you will follow all Company and Brand Standards. 

-May assist with other duties and responsibilities as assigned. 



QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS 

Basic reading, writing and math skills and 1+ year(s) of general building maintenance and repair experience. Completion of a high school diploma or related vocational training is preferred.  

This job requires the ability to perform the following: 

Carrying, lifting, pulling, or pushing items weighing up to 50 pounds 

Frequently standing up and moving about the facility 

Remain stationary for extended periods. 

Frequently handling objects and equipment to maintain the facility. 

Frequently bending, stooping, kneeling, climbing, and crawling. 

Other: 

Working knowledge of basic plumbing, electrical skills, preventive maintenance procedures, and a reasonable understanding of building equipment and hand tools. 

Communication skills are utilized a significant amount of time when interacting with the other hotel staff and hotel guests. 

Attention to detail and customer service skills. 

Reading and writing abilities are utilized to document or record all tasks completed, to order supplies, to receive their instructions for the day or to read equipment repair manuals.  

Mathematical skills, including basic math, are used frequently. 

May be required to work nights, weekends, and/or holidays. 

 

Work Area: All areas of the facility.
