Kinectrics is a wholly owned subsidiary of BWX Technologies focused on providing life cycle management services in the energy and utility sector. We develop innovative solutions for the global electricity and medical industries, helping empower a sustainable future. Trusted by clients worldwide, our employees provide expertise in engineering, testing, and inspection across a wide range of services. With offices worldwide and independent laboratories and testing facilities, we collaborate closely with clients to ensure utility assets perform safely, reliably, and efficiently throughout their entire life cycle.

 

Kinectrics takes pride in being consistently ranked as one of the best places to work in the energy and utility industry, where purpose and people mean as much as innovation and growth. That's why we choose only the best and brightest to join us. To keep pace with the expanding energy and utility sector, Kinectrics has grown from a company of 300 to over 1,000 in only the last few years - and we aren't looking to slow down. Join our diverse, supportive workplace for a rewarding career in the electricity industry.

 

Visit our website to learn more:  www.kinectrics.com

 

The Opportunity

 

Position: Technologist

Employment Type: Permanent

Employment Level: Entry

Location: 800 Kipling Avenue, Toronto, ON

Department: Line Asset Management (LAM)

Reports to: Principal Engineer, High Current Lab 

Hours per week: 40

Number Required: 1

Starting Salary: $85,038.15. Exact compensation may vary depending on the individual experience and qualifications of each candidate.  Applicants with greater or less than the minimum qualifications for this posted opportunity may be considered for alternate opportunities.

 

What We Offer

 

At Kinectrics, employees are recognized for their knowledge, experience, and contributions while working in a highly technical and challenging environment. Kinectrics puts you in the driver's seat of your own career, setting you up alongside industry experts who will help you develop the skills essential to your professional growth in a dynamic, entrepreneurial, and rewarding work culture.

Purpose: The work we do each day helps communities around the world. Find satisfaction in work that really matters, working alongside and as part of the best and brightest in the industry.

Growth: To keep pace with Canada's expanding energy and utility sector, we are growing more each day, which means more opportunities for you. We encourage our employees to grow alongside our company thanks to a number of significant training and personal development opportunities.

Innovation: Our staff proudly develop innovations that push the industry forward.

Diversity: The company is dedicated to promoting diversity in its workforce, up to and including the senior management level. Our diversity committee ensures we stay up to date on leading trends and best practices, creating a desirable workspace for each and every one of our employees.

Total Compensation: Your talent deserves to be recognized. Kinectrics offers a competitive total compensation package unmatched by most industries throughout North America. Salary is just one component of the total rewards you will receive when working for Kinectrics. Other elements may also include pay for performance programs (merit pay and discretionary annual performance bonuses), comprehensive health benefits and wellness programs, membership discounts, employee referral bonus, eligibility for our pension plan, career development programs, and professional development/educational reimbursements.

 

Accountabilities: How You Will Make an Impact

 

Assist with installation of laboratory equipment and test fixtures 

Conduct high current lab tests on safety equipment (PPE) and electrical apparatus (e.g. switches, breakers, transformers, etc.)

Perform routine electrical tests, investigations, and technical studies for customers in one or more disciplines such as mechanical, electrical, chemical, non-destructive evaluation, and material science. 

Perform sample preparations, job safety analysis, custom test setup, and execute tests.

Assist the test lead with preparation of test plans and test log sheets.

Adhere to Kinectrics quality assurance protocol. 

Participate in the analysis of test results and data by use of standard software packages

Write reports of a predominantly routine nature, and complete data log sheets

Ensure customer satisfaction by following good quality and safety practices in all aspects of the work performed.

Perform shipping, receiving, calibration, housekeeping, inventory control, and maintenance

Perform clerical duties, such as word processing, maintaining filing and record systems

Perform other duties as required.

 

What You Need to Succeed

 

Graduate of three-year Electrical Technology Diploma at the community college level or equivalent in the area of electrical technology, or Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering with hands on experience.

A period of at least 1 year experience in a high current or high power setting, with direct experience in testing of transmission and distribution equipment in high current applications is required.

A period of at least 1 year experience related to arc flash testing or analysis is required. Priority will be given to candidates with direct experience in open arc testing of PPE products.

Minimum 1 year of industrial experience applying, calibrating, or fixing power instruments, meters, transducers, isolating amplifiers, and data acquisition systems is required.

Requires working knowledge of distribution transformers, switchgear, circuit breakers, and disconnect switches. Such knowledge is normally acquired through minimum 1 year of direct experience in installation, maintenance, repair, or testing of such equipment.

Requires ability of analyzing single phase and three phase circuits including transformers, as well as three phase rectifiers.

Requires knowledge of electrical theory and testing standards to understand the requirements for electrical testing of transmission and distribution components. Requires some knowledge of high current and high voltage test requirements.

Requires experience with mechanical and electrical testing practices, procedures and safety standards; or equivalent advanced education in related field such as electrical engineering technology is required.

Experience working in accordance with ISO 9001 and ISO 17025.

Ability to utilize computer software programs for data management, such as Microsoft Excel, and some programming skills

Basic understanding of continuous improvement techniques; experience with workplace organization.

Motor vehicle skill: holding a valid driver's license that allows motor vehicles operating independently; forklift license is preferred.

Craning and rigging experience: ability to operate lifting devices (e.g. scissor lift, work platforms)

Requires experience in solving problems where solutions require considerable investigation to resolve and often require integration of technical fields. 

Ability to exercise judgment and resourcefulness in resolving technical problems

Physically fit: ability to move/lift/rearrange heavy items up to 50 lb; standing for extended period, crouching, kneeling etc.

General experience operating hand tools, drill press, saw, grinder, hydraulic pumps etc.

General understanding of electrical power utility components and related tests

Ability to work effectively both alone and in teams

Must be self-motivated, and have strong prioritizing and time management skills; have demonstrated the initiative and ability to make positive contribution to project team

Ability to travel and flexibility to meet tight deadlines

Strong written (technical and non-technical) and verbal communication skills

Strong customer service orientation

 

This role requires the successful candidate to complete the security clearance process. The security clearance process is conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) and the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission (CNSC) and may take up to 12 months to complete.

 

Kinectrics Inc is strongly committed to diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) and welcomes applications from all individuals. To learn more about our commitments please visit our diversity, equity and inclusion and indigenous relations pages.

 

As part of your application, you will be asked to complete a voluntary diversity survey. The collection of self-identification data is driven by our commitment to DE&I and ensures Kinectrics' continuous review and improvement of its programs. The information that you provide is strictly confidential and your responses will only be used for statistical purposes. Your responses do not affect your candidacy in any way.

 

Kinectrics welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.

 

This posting is for an existing vacancy.
