Enercare — Installer — Req #3502 (Newmarket) and Req #3642 (Barrie). Both postings use identical text; only pay differs.
Source: Dayforce, read in Chrome 2026-09-14
Newmarket: https://jobs.dayforcehcm.com/en-US/enercare/CANDIDATEPORTAL/jobs/19610  (posted May 29, 2026)
Barrie:    https://jobs.dayforcehcm.com/en-US/enercare/CANDIDATEPORTAL/jobs/20565  (posted Aug 13, 2026)

Job Title: Installer
Reporting To: Install Field Manager
Department: Home Services Operations
Rate of Pay: Newmarket $27.32 with G2 License / $31.65 with G2 and 313D License. Barrie $28.41 with G2 / $41.89 with G2 and 313D. Rates as defined in the Collective Agreement.
Hours of Work: Monday to Saturday, 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., five (5) consecutive days per week.
Union: UNIFOR Local 975

Assist in the completion of all HVAC, water heater, and other equipment installations relating to products sold by Enercare Home Services. Assist where needed in other areas of the Operations department as needed.

Responsibilities:
Accountable for the delivery of high customer service excellence levels.
Responsible for sustaining high customer satisfaction levels in our Home Services Operations group.
Responsible for assisting in the effective and efficient completion of installations. Performing all installations to company standards and in keeping with our value proposition.
Responsible for assisting with the delivery and removal of equipment needed to complete the installation work
Responsible for assuring all tools and equipment used are in good and safe working order.
Responsible for keeping installations vehicle clean and neat both inside and out adhering with the company's professional image
Responsible for keeping vehicle stocked with all material necessary to perform daily duties
Responsible for providing best advice to customers on repairing or replacing existing equipment
Responsible for promoting Enercare products and services

Qualifications
Must have a valid Gas Fitter 2 license.
Must have a valid Driver's license with clean driver's abstract maintained
Preferred license AC 313D
One (1) year related HVAC industry field experience preferred
Must be physically able to perform heavy lifting as per the Physical Needs Analysis (to be provided)
Must have the ability to operate all necessary tools and equipment to assist in the performance of varying installation project
Demonstrated mechanical aptitude
Proven commitment to the delivery of customer - focused service.
Excellent written and verbal communications.
Exceptional interpersonal skills
Able to work with minimal supervision
Result oriented, achieving high levels of individual and team performance.

Note: Enercare uses AI tools in candidate screening.
