MEP Services Group — refrigeration and mechanical technician — East York, ON M4B 2T8
Job Bank #3602063 / jobposting/49737374 — advertised until 2026-09-15 — $37.00/hr, 35-40h/wk, permanent FT
NOTE: LMIA posting (employer applied to hire a TFW; Canadian workers still encouraged to apply)

Job details Education: Other trades certificate or diploma. Work site environment: Noisy. Hot. Outdoors. Work setting: Willing to relocate. Tasks: Install and overhaul heating systems. Install refrigeration systems. Install ventilation, air handling and air conditioning systems. Interpret blueprints or other instructions to plan methods or sequences of operation. Measure and lay out reference points for installation. Read blueprints or other instructions to determine work requirements. Troubleshoot heating systems. Troubleshoot ventilation, air handling, refrigeration and air conditioning systems. Assemble and install refrigeration or air conditioning components. Provide customer service. Start up system and test for leaks using testing devices. Perform maintenance such as, recharging system with refrigerant, checking and testing regulators or calibrating system. Interpret gas codes. Handle, recover and store refrigerants. Repair and replace parts and components for entire refrigeration, air conditioning, ventilation or heat pump systems. Certificates, licences, memberships, and courses : Working at heights training. Air conditioning and refrigeration systems: Rooftop (self-contained). Heat pump. Air motioning and circulation. Filtration. Built up (split system). Humidification and de-humidification system. Ventilation. Security and safety: Criminal record check. Transportation/travel information: Valid driver's licence. Work conditions and physical capabilities: Physically demanding. Handling heavy loads. Standing for extended periods. Personal suitability: Punctuality. Accurate. Dependability. Flexibility. Initiative. Reliability. Team player. Screening questions: Are you available for shift or on-call work?. Are you available to start on the date listed in the job posting?. Do you have experience working in this field?. Do you meet the language requirements listed in the job posting for the position (English or French)?. Employment terms options: Early morning. Experience: 2 years to less than 3 years. Employment terms options: Flexible hours. Day. Overtime available. Health benefits: Dental plan. Disability benefits. Health care plan. Paramedical services coverage. Vision care benefits. Other benefits: Free parking available. On-site amenities. Team building opportunities. Parking available. Support for newcomers and refugees: Provides diversity and cross-cultural trainings to create a welcoming work environment for newcomers and/or refugees . Support for youths: Offers on-the-job training tailored to youth. Provides awareness training to employees to create a welcoming work environment for youth. Support for Indigenous people: Offers mentorship, coaching and/or networking opportunities for Indigenous workers . Support for mature workers: Provides staff with awareness training to create a welcoming work environment for mature workers . Supports for visible minorities: Provides diversity and cross-cultural training to create a welcoming work environment for members of visible minorities. Location East York , ON M4B 2T8 Work location On site Salary $ 37.00 HOUR hourly / 35 to 40 hours per week Terms of employment Permanent employment Full time Early morning, Day, Flexible hours, Overtime available Starts as soon as possible Benefits: Health benefits, Other benefits vacancies 1 vacancy Source Job Bank #3602063 Various locations East York, ON Labour Market Impact Assessment (LMIA) requested The employer could not find a Canadian worker for this job and applied for a Labour Market Impact Assessment (LMIA) to hire a temporary foreign worker.  Canadian workers, including Canadian citizens and permanent residents, are still encouraged to apply with a  Job Bank Plus Account .  The employer’s LMIA application is currently under review by the  Temporary Foreign Worker (TFW) Program . To report abuse of the TFW Program,  call the program’s tip line . Overview Languages English Education Other trades certificate or diploma Experience 2 years to less than 3 years On site Work must be completed at the physical location. There is no option to work remotely. Work site environment Noisy Hot Outdoors Work setting Willing to relocate Responsibilities Tasks Install and overhaul heating systems Install refrigeration systems Install ventilation, air handling and air conditioning systems Interpret blueprints or other instructions to plan methods or sequences of operation Measure and lay out reference points for installation Read blueprints or other instructions to determine work requirements Troubleshoot heating systems Troubleshoot ventilation, air handling, refrigeration and air conditioning systems Assemble and install refrigeration or air conditioning components Provide customer service Start up system and test for leaks using testing devices Perform maintenance such as, recharging system with refrigerant, checking and testing regulators or calibrating system Interpret gas codes Handle, recover and store refrigerants Repair and replace parts and components for entire refrigeration, air conditioning, ventilation or heat pump systems Credentials Certificates, licences, memberships, and courses Working at heights training Experience and specialization Air conditioning and refrigeration systems Rooftop (self-contained) Heat pump Air motioning and circulation Filtration Built up (split system) Humidification and de-humidification system Ventilation Additional information Security and safety Criminal record check Transportation/travel information Valid driver's licence Work conditions and physical capabilities Physically demanding Handling heavy loads Standing for extended periods Personal suitability Punctuality Accurate Dependability Flexibility Initiative Reliability Team player Benefits Health benefits Dental plan Disability benefits Health care plan Paramedical services coverage Vision care benefits Other benefits Free parking available On-site amenities Team building opportunities Parking available Employment groups This employer promotes equal employment opportunities for all job applicants, including those self-identifying as a member of these groups: Support for newcomers and refugees Provides diversity and cross-cultural trainings to create a welcoming work environment for newcomers and/or refugees Support for youths Offers on-the-job training tailored to youth Provides awareness training to employees to create a welcoming work environment for youth Support for Indigenous people Offers mentorship, coaching and/or networking opportunities for Indigenous workers Support for mature workers Provides staff with awareness training to create a welcoming work environment for mature workers Supports for visible minorities Provides diversity and cross-cultural training to create a welcoming work environment for members of visible minorities 