Full job description
The world isn’t standing still, and neither is ATS Life Sciences - We don’t follow the trends. We set them!


Are you interested in being part of a team that makes a difference? Join our growing ATS Life Sciences Systems team a division of ATS Corporation, a publicly traded global enterprise with a proud history, we are helping advance the future with our factory-wide automation solutions. Within Life Sciences Systems, what we do matters – we custom design, build and service critical automated solutions for medical device and pharmaceutical companies. We are dedicated to assisting our customers in improving the quality of life for people around the world. When there is no room for error, and product failure is not an option, leading life sciences companies trust us to resolve their production challenges.


Field Service Representative - Controls
Are you a controls expert who thrives in the field?
We’re looking for a Field Service Representative (Controls) who can troubleshoot complex automation systems, support customers on-site, and own problems from first issue to final fix.


WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU

Benefits:
Compensation: $36.54 to $50.24 CAD per hour
Annual Performance-Based Incentive Bonus
5% RRSP match
Stock purchase plan
Starting 3 weeks of vacation
Benefits package (health and dental) + $600 health spending account
Half-Day Fridays
Working on challenging engineering projects.
Continuous learning and career growth with global mobility opportunities.
A chance to contribute to something bigger - advancing the future of healthcare through automation.

ROLE SUMMARY:


The Field Service Representative (Controls) will be responsible for the design, development, troubleshooting, and documentation of complete control programs for custom automation equipment. Programming of control systems using PLC’s, PC’s, servo drives, robots, and other more specialized controllers is a requirement. Skilled in troubleshooting of electrical controls and mechanical mechanisms. As part of the After Sales Service team, the incumbent will often work independently on customer site and will be responsible for organizing, communicating and completing work on time and as planned. This position will be rotated through periods of travel and services work, and periods where integrated into our system build process where they will develop deeper knowledge of specific systems to become subject matter experts to support our customers throughout the life cycle of their systems.


Responsibilities include:


Develop and program software (PLC and/or PC based) specific to customer requirements.
Troubleshoot controls and electrical equipment at the customer’s facility and make the necessary adjustments to bring equipment up to running status.
Utilize in depth knowledge of ATS technology to recommend efficient and cost effective solutions to customer needs.
Report, troubleshoot and correct abnormal equipment conditions.
Organize, communicate and complete work as per the project plan and customer requirements.
Monitor for and act on opportunities to suggest additional tools or equipment necessary to better operate or maintain customer equipment.
Travel to both domestic and international customer locations for long and short-term support.
Travel is typically 50 to 60%, but there could be periods of higher travel requests during service rotations per year.
When required, lead on-site teams in the execution of project plans at customer site.
Act as a liaison for the on-site team, ATS Project Management and the customer, ensuring project plans are communicated, and executed as per customer requirements and ATS agreement.
Coordinate third-party vendors and assist to resolve technical issues as required.
Complete detailed Service Report for the services provided on a daily/weekly basis. Ensure customer issues have been resolved through follow-up communication and project/case closure if required.
Participate in the rotational on-call remote support phone, providing 24 hour remote support to our customers when required by the business.
Ensure that all business activities are performed with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with the ATS Code of Business Conduct.
During integration into Systems build you’ll be required to perform all duties outlined in our Control Systems Software Designer
s.
Required to work both independently at times and as part of a team.
Required to set an example of company culture with integrity and professional competence while on ATS property, customer site and traveling on ATS business.
Qualifications
Education:

A post-secondary diploma or degree specializing in programming/electrical engineering or equivalent. Database/Robot/Vision experience is an asset.


Experience:

A minimum of five years of experience in a hands-on automation/control’s environment.
Three+ years of experience programming Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC), and Human/Machine Interfaces (HMI) using Allen Bradley or Siemens software.
Possesses a demonstrated track record of efficiently diagnosing, troubleshooting and correcting malfunctioning automated machinery.
Possesses strong verbal and written communication skills.
Displays professionalism and has well-developed interpersonal skills with the ability to work with all levels of customer and ATS management in a multi-disciplined engineering environment under pressure.
An excellent understanding of pneumatics and hydraulics with a basic understanding of electrical and system controls
Proficient with Microsoft Word and Excel.

#IND1

Health, Safety & Environmental
All employees have the responsibility to work in a safe manner and report any health, safety or environmental concern to their manager or supervisor in a timely manner.

Health, Safety and Environment include:

Work in compliance with divisional health, safety and environmental procedures
Refrain from removing or altering safety devices or guarding unless hazardous energies are controlled through lockout-tagout methods
Report any unsafe conditions or unsafe acts
Report defect in any equipment or protective device
Ensure that the required protective equipment is used for the assigned tasks
Attend all required health, safety and environmental training
Report any accidents/incidents to supervisor
Assist in investigating accidents/incidents
Refrain from engaging in any prank, contest, feat of strength, unnecessary running or rough and boisterous conduct
Why YOU should join our ATS Life Sciences Systems team:


We value our PEOPLE - The foundation of a great company is having the best team which is why we continuously work to develop, engage, empower and energize our people. The best people want to work with the best team - the best teams are diverse and inclusive teams.

What we do MATTERS - our Life Sciences projects contribute to improving the lives of people around the world! ATS has made a commitment to be carbon neutral by 2030!


INNOVATION and PROBLEM SOLVING is at our core - Our pursuit of continuous improvement in everything we do. Our focus is on building diverse teams, stimulating innovation by challenging conventional thinking, encouraging fresh ideas and promoting creative problem-solving


We prioritize internal GROWTH & DEVELOPMENT - ATS offers endless opportunities for professional growth and development – with a tuition reimbursement program, individual development programs and a commitment to promoting from within - there is space for you to grow your career at ATS!


We offer COMPETITIVE Total Rewards - Competitive starting salaries, overtime pay eligibility, paid vacation, Employee Incentive Bonus program, comprehensive health and dental benefits including Lifestyle Spending Account, 5% RRSP matching program and optional Employee Share Purchase Program


The compensation offered will be based on the local job market and may vary depending on factors such as the job-related knowledge, skills, experience of the selected candidate, as well as other objective business considerations. Subject to these considerations, the total compensation package for this position may also include other elements, such as an annual cash incentive in addition to a full range of medical, retirement, and/or other benefits. Details of these benefits will be provided when the selected job candidate receives an offer of employment.


A place to BELONG: We celebrate our differences and ensure that all employees have equal opportunities for growth and development. We believe that diversity of thought, background, and experiences is essential for our success and innovation.


This role represents an existing vacancy within the organization.



ATS is in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disability Act (AODA), 2005 and will, upon request, assist those who may require specific accommodations due to a personal disability. We would ask that those who require assistance to notify our offices as soon as possible if accommodation is necessary.


The ATS applicant tracking system may utilize AI software with pre defined, rule based filters to organize and manage application materials. Rule based filters operate solely on fixed criteria and do not perform autonomous evaluation or generate independent recommendations. All hiring decisions continue to involve human review and judgment.

Ability to commute/relocate:

Toronto, ON M5K 1H1: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)
Experience:

PLC programming: 4 years (required)
Willingness to travel:

50% (required)
Work Location: In person
